One technique you can use to link up containers to each
other is called legacy linking now.
And this is a very simple technique where you can give a container a name,
and then another container can link to it using that same name.
Let's jump into a step‑by‑step walkthrough of how this works.
So the steps to link containers is really basic actually,
just a few little command‑line switches you'll need to know about,
and we'll go through each of these.
First off,
we're going to need to run a given container that
we want to link to with a name.
I'll show you how to do that,
it's just one little command‑line switch you have to add.
Now,
we can use that name then as we run another container
to link those containers together.
We're going to take a look at that as well.
And then, of course, if you have additional containers,
you just kind of repeat and keep going.
So you'll add a name, and then link it to the next container,
add a name, link it to the next container.
So it's like a step one here.
All right, so when we do docker run,
we've seen that a few times throughout the course, we can do the daemon,
that's the ‑d, that'll make it so it runs in the background,
but we can also do ‑‑name and then give that
particular running container a name.
Now, up to this point in the course,
we've mainly relied on the ID for the container or the alias
that was automatically generated by Docker,
but you can give each of your running containers your own custom name.
So in this case,
we're going to define a name for the container called my‑postgres, and
that would take care of the basics of naming it.
Now, if that's all we did, it's not going to accomplish too much,
it's just going to add a name that we can then use to,
for instance, remove or stop the container,
but now that we've named it, we can go to step two,
and we can link up another container to this database container.
So, for instance, let's say that we would like to run an aspnetcore container,
then we can run it as you see here with the daemon mode,
give it a port, pretty standard stuff that we've seen,
but we can also come in and link to another container.
And we do that with this ‑‑link command‑line switch.
Now, this is the actual name that you saw previously,
my‑postgres,
and then we can even give it an alias that we use internally in the
aspnetcore container that's going to be running.
So, as we connect,
we can use this postgres alias in our database connection string,
for example.
So that's really all you have to do to link a container to
another container that's already running.
Now, step three would be we just keep going if you have more and more containers,
so you'd start another container, give it a name,
link it to the next container, and then repeat.
So normally the containers that you're going to link to,
they'll typically be started up first with the docker run command,
and then once you're done with that,
you can then use the ‑‑link command‑line switch to link any
other containers by name to those containers.
So now that we've seen how we can do this with
Docker client on the command line,
let's go ahead and take a look at linking up different types of containers across different technologies.